feat: add ts cmd (#671)
ipfs/aegir: md/ts-jsdoc.md

# Documentation for JSDoc based TS types

## Getting Started

Add a `tsconfig.json` to your repo:
```bash
aegir ts -p config > tsconfig.json
```

Add types configuration to your package.json:
```json
"types": "./dist/src/index.d.ts",
"typesVersions": {
  "*": { "src/*": ["dist/src/*"] }
},
```
`types` will tell `tsc` where to look for the entry point type declarations and `typeVersions` for every other files inside the `src` folder.

> The `ts` command follows aegir folder conventions, source code inside `./src`, test inside `./test` and documentation inside `./docs`.

## CLI `ts` command

Run `aegir ts --help` and check the help text. There's presets for common TS use cases.

```md
Presets:
`check`       Runs the type checker with your local config and doesn't not emit output.
`types`       Emits type declarations for `['src/**/*', 'package.json']` to `dist` folder.
`docs`        Generates documentation based on type declarations to the `docs` folder.
`config`      Prints base config to stdout.
```

## Adding types with JSDoc

> Typescript can infered lots of types without any help, but you can improve your code types by using just JSDoc for that follow the official TS documentation https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/jsdoc-supported-types.html. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typescript can infere most of the types without any help, but you can improve your code types by using just JSDoc for that follow the official TS documentation https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/jsdoc-supported-types.html. 
```
